Tutorial: How to query a CSV in PostHog (#9418)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/csv-query.md

---
title: How to query a CSV in PostHog
date: 2024-09-23
author:
 - ian-vanagas
tags:
 - data warehouse
---

> PostHog can capture a lot of data about your users. For data it can't capture, you can leverage the [data warehouse](/data-warehouse) to add whatever data you want as a CSV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostHog can capture a lot of data about your users. For data it can't capture, you can leverage the [data warehouse](/data-warehouse) to manually upload any data you'd like as a CSV
```
